Update RELEASENOTES.md for GHES blob storage config change (#779)
github/gh-gei: RELEASENOTES.md

- Improved error messages when the specified organization or enterprise cannot be found
- Mask the value for `AWS_ACCESS_KEY` and `AWS_SECRET_KEY` parameters in the output for blobs storages.

> - Ignore blob storage configuration for GHES 3.8.0 and later as it will now be configured in server's admin UI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Skip the upload to Azure/AWS blob storage when migrating from GHES 3.8+, as GHES will now handle putting the archives into blob storage
```

cc @timrogers
